hello welcome back to let's play this
game yes last time on let's play this
game we played this game now these are
could I forget their name there remember
the skeleton hoop things with swords
from Ocarina of Time I think that's what
these are even though they look about as
weak as heck and they are that's what
they are now before they were the crazy
death sword wielding guys they were
these guys
crud why am I wasting those I was stupid
ah these are one-shot kills to those
guys
I should not have wasted them sorry okay
basically you just want to get some back
their backs against the wall and then
attack them when they fall from their
jumps if you try and hit them in mid
jump that it won't work just won't work
got this bla bla bla
we're going to tell you things that you
probably already know link it is I
sahasrara I can talk to you
telepathically when you touch these
tiles here's a hint you can use the
treasure hidden espoused to feed armored
foes and by that he means okay we can't
do anything about that we can but only
from the other side not from the side we
were wrong
look more arrows and a big chest big
treasure chest of treasure stuff
whoa hey buddy appreciate a few stay
away No now these guys hate but we hate
them more
what's the stupid skeletons name so I
kind of just forgot about that got off
topic
boy those things are bad I mean evil bad
yeah you want to stay away from them
definitely a must
staying away from those guys that that's
right
you gettin earned to the head play
pottery I'm going to throw pottery at
your face simply because I am in the
power to do so ha ha ha men now we use
that and we come out here the first area
I guess I don't know I don't really
think the dungeon starts until you get
across that bridge and into the room
that we just got out of okay and now
those guys are all surrounding that
thing these guys are hard to kill with
just a sword but with the item that we
get in this dungeon
it makes killing them a lot easier are
these guys named are most no no those
are the statues skull Chile's aren't
could I forget oh yeah and then they
break off of that like that and now I
could take this big key lets us open the
boss door and any doors with these big
locks and big treasure chests I think do
you even yeah I'm pretty sure you need
them to open up boss doors it's pretty
sure
stalfos that's their names I finally
remembered thank God
can't believe I had forgotten their
names up abroad died well he just turned
into a whole bunch of rubble
gosh their heads are attacking me see
that's what that does it will kill them
in one hit it's very useful to have when
you're fighting against these guys I
press the wrong button thank you sir
I was thinking it was um which button i
don't know the button that you talk and
pick up things with I want that Oh No
they'll destroy me
the mighty powers down on Watts Nagar
powers that is what they have remind me
never to do an Arnold Schwarzenegger
voice over ever again no no does nothing
I'm always thinking that they would give
you something special if you were to do
that but nope
not from this game no lighting some
lanterns ha we don't care
invite all the lanterns you want you
could not care less
okay we're going upstairs where it's not
so dark all the time now and it's filled
with these guys they look like skulls
with either spikes or something around
them I don't know
Wow sheesh those guys just eat your
health now I think they take away like a
heart I don't know either way they're
not kind to our faces
so yeah we've gone here and this room
can be crazy
I remember dying in here once it's like
playing a shooter game you know one of
the crazy Japanese ones and then not too
hard to dodge but what the heck oh wait
I was wrong
well okay you can't kill him with the
pottery pots of doom magic jars and doom
yeah so just destroy everybody in here
and that opens up that door and so we
don't need the big key again there okay
whatever so in the next episode we'll go
to the boss I hope you've enjoyed this
episode and I will see you all later
good bye